🔧  migrate the developer-extension to wxt (#3962)
DataDog/browser-sdk: developer-extension/README.md

## Contribution tips

Read the [Extend the developers
tools](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Extending_the_developer_tools)
MDN guide to get up to speed with WebExtensions for devtools. In particular, look for the
various entrypoints (panel.html, devtools.html) and the content script communication as it'
s not straightforward.

To work on the developer extension and debug it easily:

1. In a terminal, cd into the `developer-extension` folder.

2. Run `yarn dev`.

> 3. It should open a Chrome browser window with the developer extension loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A Chrome browser window with the developer extension loaded opens.
```
